>> Kyle Simpson: All right, so
we spend quite a bit of time digging into
all the ins and outs of destructuring.
It seems like a really good idea for
us to get at least a teeny
bit of practice with it.
So we're gonna look at that
example that I just showed you,
which was the idea of using destructuring
and restructuring as a declarative
syntactic replacement for
something like the underscore extends.
So here what you have is
a defaults object, and
we're making this fakeAjax call here.
And it's going to give us a response back,
which we are going to destructure,
the code comment says where
your destructuring goes.
And then we need to
restructure in the object
that we passed along to
the test case function.
And this should end up printing out true
if you've properly done the destructuring
and restructuring.
So remember,
just like from the slides, and
refer back to the slides
if you need that reference.
But remember, we're gonna be restructuring
and including the defaults in line with
our destructuring pattern here in
the handle response signature.
And then once we have those individual
values assigned off, we're going to
restructure the object that is expected to
be passed along to the test case function.
So we will break for a few moments and
let you try your hand at destructuring.
Remember, if you need any hints,
cuz you get stuck,
just take a look at
the ex.fixed JavaScript file.